What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?
Well basiclly I just saing to git, hey git look up for this folder, which is important to me now. I want you to keep eye on it, to keep changes.

How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository? What value do you think it offers?
Staging area is like a drower, that we can put things related each other and after that made one logic commit to out repository.

How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical change?
We can simply compare versions. Compare with the version in the working directory. Compare with the latest version in our repository.

What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history organized? How would branches help?
Branches are helpful specificly when you trying to acomplish something new, add new feutured, but you are not sure if this wont work. So you are making a new branch and worinking on it, end if your happy with your acomplishment you can then mearge exp branch with the master branch, adding new functionality.

How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?
It's help me visulize the hole project by branches, where I am, how many branches are there. 

What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it in the diagram the way we do?
The result is to make on branch in this case master branch, that has all the features of the other branch, that we were working on. We check our idea, it was good, and in some point we decided to mearch this to branches in one.
This way that we represent this two branches in diagram giva us an idea, what the final result can be, and what will be included.

What are the pros and cons of Git’s automatic merging vs. always doing merges manually?
Pros - it is faster, you just using merge and that it, git will do ther rest of the work.
Cons - it can sometimes make conflicts between two branches, and at the moment there is no solution to make it work. So sometimes the programmer, his ablity to solve the problem it's handdy. Git will help you marking the place were occure the isue.